Director Zhao, why are you here?
No idea.
My boyfriend is the head of Huating
I'll see what you do this time.
Xiaoshou Gan Chuang Huating Company
You are dead.
Kneel down and kowtow to Yun'er to apologize
You people
I like to make people kneel and kowtow so much
A social scum, how dare you talk to me like that
How dare you!
Do you know the identity of our supervisor Zhao?
He is the foundation of the Zhao family
The future general manager of Huating
Huating is Huangyuan's largest company
Zhao Shang is Zhao Benji
Oh, right. Depriving you of your house?
Still on the account
Dear, it's for the boss.
What did you tell him?
With his grade, he can't touch it at all.
Ha ha.
That is.
Zhao Jie didn't dare to be so presumptuous in front of me when he came
You have more guts than him.
I heard you're still a scammer
Not bad. Not bad.
This style is quite good
Most people are really intimidated by you
If you don't want to die
Just watch your plate
How dare you panic and take a picture of what I'm wearing?
It's your family that can't stop eating and drinking. How amazing
Director Zhao, don't be angry
I have to call security to kick them out
What's the hurry?
Of course, the needs of the owner must be met
Stupid thing still putting money in front of me
My uncle has already given the notice.
Yunzhongxian wants to transfer to the chairperson of Hengyuan Group
Ningxia
How could it belong to you?
Is that possible?
I am the chairperson of Peng Yuan Group
I advise you to pick it up one by one and look at you
Your chairperson?
What are you still doing?
Chairperson Lu personally ordered yes yes yes
If the young master does not enter the park
I'll kill you all
Don't order it.
Come tell me